JADMaker for Nokia Java Games
Version 1.1
for Windows 9x/NT/2K/ME/XP
http://www.geocities.com/mangokun/


!!! You MUST put the files below together in the same folder.
JADMaker.exe
JADMaker.txt
config.xml (will be created if not found)
unzip32.dll


What

JADMaker creates a JAD file for your .JAR Java Games, so that you can install them to your mobile phone.


Features:
- simple DRAG and DROP operations!
- allows batch processing of JAR files
- enabling Explorer Context-Menu extension allows you to generate a JAD file quickly
- keep the program 'Always on Top' of all other windows (Useful)
- keep your program settings (in a XML file)


Why

Interest in Java Games for Nokia mobile phones.
Some of the Java Games for Nokia mobile phones does not comes with a .jad file, so I searched the net for a JAD generator.
Came across a lousy program called 'JADgen', so I decided to make one that is better then it.


How to use this program?

There are 3 ways.
1) Run JADMaker. Drag and drop a JAR file onto the window. JAD generated. That's it!

2) Drag and drop a JAR file onto the JADMaker.exe icon in a Windows Explorer window.
This means you can also create a desktop shortcut to JADMaker.exe, and then drop JAR file(s) onto the shortcut.

3) Once the "Make JAD" Explorer Context-Menu extension is enabled (by checking it in the program), 
you can right click on any JAR file(s) for a quick "Make JAD".

Remember that you can process multiple JAR files at one time (=batch procesing).
Just select multiple files, and use any of the ways above (this is really the icing on the cake!).

With so many ways to get your JAD file, you are spoilt for choice!!!


Installation

No special installation is required on Windows.
JADMaker can be put in any folder (together with other required files).

You may make a shortcut to it on your Desktop.


Troubleshooting

* When I try to run JADMaker, it dies with the following error: Component 'MSCOMCTL.OCX' or one of its dependencies not correctly registered: a file is missing or invalid 

MSCOMCTL.OCX is a support file required that is already installed on most home computers.
If you encounter this error, you will need to install the 'Visual Basic 6.0 Runtime Module'.

* When I try to run JADMaker, it dies with the following error: The file 'MSVBVM60.DLL' cannot be found... 

MSVBVM60.DLL is a support file required to run any Visual Basic 6 program.
If you encounter this error, you will need to install the 'Visual Basic 6.0 Runtime Module'.


Visual Basic 6.0 Runtime Module
Direct Download: http://download.microsoft.com/download/vb60pro/Redist/sp5/WIN98Me/EN-US/VBRun60sp5.exe
File Details: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=bf9a24f9-b5c5-48f4-8edd-cdf2d29a79d5&DisplayLang=en


Version History

1.1 (Sep 12, 2003)
- Removed a serious bug in the program, that will cause extra lines in the JAD file


Disclaimer
This program is free. You may distribute it, but you may not charge money for it.


Send suggestions and comments to: 
mangokun@hotmail.com

Programmed by Goh Mingkun using Visual Basic 6.0
Last update on Fru, Sep 12, 2003